[MI-3011] Update documentation to add steps on change of Webhook secret (#53)
Brightscout/mattermost-plugin-servicenow: README.md

After connecting successfully, you will get a direct message from the ServiceNow bot containing a Welcome message and some useful information along with some instructions for the system admins.
**Note**: You will only get a direct message from the bot if your Mattermost server is configured to allow direct messages between any users on the server. If your server is configured to allow direct messages only between two users of the same team, then you will not get any direct message.

## FAQ

### What is Update Set that is present in the ServiceNow?

> An update set tracks and stores the changes of an instance and is used for moving those changes from one instance to another by first exporting this update set and importing the same update set to another ServiceNow application. These changes can include things like some custom APIs (scripted REST APIs), changes in the tables, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An update set tracks and stores the changes of a ServiceNow nstance and is used for moving those changes from one instance to another by first exporting this update set and importing the same update set to another ServiceNow instance. These changes can include things like some custom APIs (scripted REST APIs), changes in the tables, etc.
```

> ### What changes our Update Set do?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What changes does our Update Set do?
```
